### Learning Goals

Students delve into climate and environmental issues, get to know climate revolution and topic of greenwash in fashion and textile industry. Western lifestyle is analysed in order to understand and diminish the environmental load of everyday consumption. Students will learn about natural fabrics and and find out, how to use food and waste as coloring agents and mordants; these processes are introduced via practical approach- experiments are made and process maps created. Final goal of the study project is to **develop environmentally sustainable product** (such as message t-shirt), which originates from recycling and reusing the resources in order to reduce the environmental load of textile and fashion industry to the planet. Process is divided into logigal stages and supported by student instructions and teacher materials. Steps could be taken in sequence, but also separately. Students learn, how to develop a product via design-centered approach, integrate knowledge of different fields, use theoretical knowledge in practice, work both in groups and individually, develop critical thinking, listening and presenting skills and feel the power of making the change.

### Motivation

The importance of intensifying environmental awareness is inevitable. Students are introduced to actual ways of making a step towards a more sustainable world. For this transition one needs to change their thinking patterns, analyse their everyday habits and act in correspondence to change. Everyone can take the responsibility and authors offer the practical ways of starting with change throught this study project.